## SLE712 Assignment 3 (Trimester 1, 2020)
This project is an assessment for Practical 3 of SLE712 (Bioinformatics and Molecular Biology Techniques) taught by Dr. Mark Ziemann of the School of Life and Environmental Sciences of Deakin University, Waurn Ponds Campus on the first trimester of 2020. This project uses the R language in manipulating genetic data to gain insights and develop data analysis skills necessary for Bioinformatics. This project uses Github as versioning control.

## Contents
* Folder Structure
* Getting Started
* Authors
* License
* Acknowledgments

## Folder Structure

The project comprises of three main folders in which you would store certain files.

### Data/

This folder should contain data files like .csv, .tsv, .fa, etc.

In this folder:

- A gene expression data and a groeth data for part 1 of the project taken from [Dr. Mark Ziemann's Github repository for the unit](https://github.com/markziemann/SLE712_files/tree/master/bioinfo_asst3_part1_files).

- A sample gene sequence file for part 2 of the project taken from [Dr. Mark Ziemann's Github repository for the unit](https://github.com/markziemann/SLE712_files/tree/master/bioinfo_asst3_part2_files).

- Files generated by the RScripts like downloads and files pertaining to the creation of BLAST databases.

### Scripts/

This folder should contain R script files.

In this folder:

- Script for part 1 of the project containing basic data manipulation on a gene expression data and a tree growth data 

### Rmd/

This folder should contain all R markdown and associated files.

In this folder:

- **references** which should contain any reference documents to be used by R Markdown file. This currently includes:
  - A default Harvard-Style word doc, "SLE712References.docx"
- **img** which should contain images to be inserted into R Markdown file. This currently imcludes:
  - An image showing the output formats generated by the scripts or the R Markdown files.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc




